fix typo (#9)
dilap54/RouterScan-console: README.md

> It is a console version of RouterScan for linux. It uses closed Router Core Library. Original soft is hosted here: [http://stascorp.com/load/1-1-0-56](http://stascorp.com/load/1-1-0-56)

Reviewer: Good catch :+1: And while we're at it...
```suggestion
It is a console version of Router Scan for Linux. It uses closed source Router Core Library. Original software is hosted here: [http://stascorp.com/load/1-1-0-56](http://stascorp.com/load/1-1-0-56)
```
